# packages in environment at C:\Users\Utilisateur\anaconda3\envs\fast-api-jinja-env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
anyio                     3.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
blinker                   1.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h8ffe710_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.5.7             h56e8100_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3           win_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fastapi                   0.95.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flask                     2.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.6.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                h63175ca_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h8ffe710_5    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hcfcfb64_4    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.2           py311ha68e1ae_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.1                hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  1.10.8          py311ha68e1ae_0    conda-forge
python                    3.11.3          h2628c8c_0_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    3_cp311    conda-forge
setuptools                67.7.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
starlette                 0.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.6.2                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.6.2              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
ucrt                      10.0.22621.0         h57928b3_0    conda-forge
uvicorn                   0.22.0          py311h1ea47a8_0    conda-forge
vc                        14.3                hb25d44b_16    conda-forge
vc14_runtime              14.34.31931         h5081d32_16    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.34.31931         hed1258a_16    conda-forge
werkzeug                  2.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h8d14728_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
